hi foodtube my name is tamas and i am
passionate about spice and meskan food
and today i'm going to be cooking you
the best ever steak tacos with my
favorite roast salsa and this one is a
real corker so let's get cooking
so the first thing I've got to do is
make a marinade for my steak the state
we're going to use today is skirt steak
and this money will just tenderize it
and really bring out all its flavor so
I've got my garlic clove I'm going to
add a pinch of salt and just mash it up
that salt this garlic is ready for the
marinade got my skirt steak just going
to throw that garlic in we want the
juice of half a lime just going to
squeeze that lime in and that acidity
will really start breaking down those
sinews there we are bit of pepper
pinch more salt and just a tiny bit of
olive oil and he can sit marinating for
half an hour an hour four hours really
whatever you like now I'm going to wash
my hands ready to make the best ever
salsa so in Mexico making the best salsa
is a fiercely contested competition
everyone's got their own recipes
everyone makes them fresh every day this
is my favorite one I think it's
delicious so first of all I've got some
garlic cloves I've toasted in a dry
frying pan and look how easily this skin
is just flaking off and toasting the
garlic really really softens the flavor
makes it much more gentle and gives a
quite a nice charred edge so throw the
tomatoes and the garlic
I've dry roasted in frying pan and this
method of cooking is archetype fully
Mexican and it adds a wonderful charred
flavor into your salsa totally delicious
now some people might think that looks
burnt but I swear it gives the best best
flavor to your salsa so go with it and
test it out yourself so in they go I'm
just going to gently work these tomatoes
into a mush now of course you can use a
food processor here but the texture just
won't be the same so you can see that
with a pestle and mortar you really get
that texture if I put this for blitzer
it will just be a completely smooth
puree whereas here I've got a lovely
rough textured and you can see some of
that blackened skin she's going to taste
delicious so now that that's into a
rough kind of mush I'm going to add some
onion and some chopped coriander and in
rest'll that goes we've got some onion
so the onion is not only going to give
this salsa a lovely freshness the
sharpness there's Sidda to the onion is
actually essential for the salsa but
also that lovely crunch will give you
texture in the salsa so what's this also
missing chili you can't have a salsa
without chili so this is to put these in
adobo Chipotle's are the smoked dried
jalapeno you can't get a hold of any of
the shops just use a jalapeno a fresh
one a fresh green chili roast it just
the way I did for tomatoes shove it in
that will give you some lovely heat to
it
I'm going to add a great tablespoon and
it's going to give this salsa a bit of
smoky wonderful heat so I'm just going
to stir this round gently that needs
some fresh lime acidity you can always
use vinegar the Mexicans love vinegar
for cutting through rich flavors but are
you going to use fresh lime here half a
lime should do it and it goes and that
is my sour made now all I need to do is
cook my steak and we're ready to eat
your tacos so my skirt steaks Miley my
pan is really hot just going to shake
the excess marinade off and in it goes
to the pan
while that's cooking another perfect a
compliment to a steak taco are spring
onions but we want them nice and charred
I'm just going to roll them in that
lovely olive oil marinade and pop them
onto this pan perfect and we want these
spring onions to be really nice and
charred just like in the markets and
they are so good in these states we're
just going to season with a bit of lime
and they'll be delicious
and there's that steak we're going to
leave him to rest on that board
and that all I need to do is heat up my
tortillas I've got some cool ones here
but you can use flour wraps you can kind
of use anything really I'm going to just
put them on my flattop here sprinkle a
little bit water on
so now I need to cut that steak so the
most important thing with skirt steak is
you cut it across the grain not with the
grain so I'm going to cut it across the
grain often flipping gorgeous that ah
it's delicious bits of meat right make
some tacos okay got my tortillas
cut some steak I've got that salsa full
of that smoky Chipotle flavor those
charred onion this is just gonna be a
mouthful delicious salsa smoky fiery
full of flavor
I'm completely fresh bit of avocado
squeeze the fresh lime and those
delicious spring onions which need all
that lime over to gonna be delicious
time to talk in
that steak for creamy avocado that
smoked you put your salsa that is
Mexican Street food at its finest its
sensational if you like this don't
forget to click on the thumbs up share
with your friends and don't forget to
subscribe